Added debug info for kubernetes deployment. (#908)
knative/docs: eventing/debugging/README.md

kubectl -n knative-debug get pod -l app=fn -o jsonpath='{.items[*].status.conditions[?(@.type == "Ready")].status}'
```

> This should return `True`. If it doesn't, then try to debug the `Deployment` based on [Kubernetes Application Debugging](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/debug-application-introspection/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should return `True`. If it doesn't, then try to debug the `Deployment` using the [Kubernetes Application Debugging](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug-application-cluster/debug-application-introspection/) guide.
```

Author: Done, thanks @samodell
